New Imgur album of evidence: https://imgur.com/a/eq9jKQX
https://imgur.com/a/4pgLOII
This video is also a great showcase of the topic, when accompanied with my review. This game is like 99% made by pedophiles and they were only thrown out when public backlash got bad enough: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWRtNalyGR4


NOTHING will excuse Sixmorphugus (Bearcadia in the screenshot), the head of Brickadia development, as well as Elletra, a server moderator, giving Port a friendly "hello." on the day of release, 3 years after they supposedly fired him, on the same account from 2016 that he used before he was fired.

I watched this happen in real time before my eyes as they covered this up. They let Port, a person who encouraged drawing shotacon on the Blockland Forums, and is engaged to Evar Smith (another Brickadia employee who groomed people, and drew cub) to draw back into their Discord, and greeted him with open arms, until someone made a report, when they deleted ANY evidence that it happened, banned Port again, and cut off or silenced anyone trying to ask questions about it.

I was hyped for this game all throughout it's development, and was fairly certain they really had fired all of the sex offenders on their team with no remorse, up until today. Nothing excuses any of this. They tried to sneak their friend Port back in 3 years after his firing, using the large influx of new players flooding the chat to disguise it, until someone around longer than the newbies caught it, and he was banned, and all the evidence subsequently shoved under the rug like nothing happened. Most people playing the game don't seem to know about any of this, but I know. I saw what happened.

Edit: Moderators response:
"Port was not originally removed for any negative reason, but left because of other obligations. All the messages we were shown as evidence were made many years ago while Port was also underaged, so we believe it was simply bad decision-making by a minor.

However, our general approach to fielding community issues has changed over the years. After some deliberation we decided that their proximity to an actually problematic person was itself too great of a risk to bear, so when Port rejoined, we removed them from the community out of an abundance of caution."
-Elletra, 7/11/2025

[b]7/29/1998 is Port's date of birth according to a Blockland Forums post. He turned 18 on 7/29/2016. Port is currently 26, and set to turn 27 the 29th of this month.[/b] His predatory and disturbed posts on the Blockland forum do continue after he turned 18, and his marriage with Evar goes on even longer.

Evar made his NSFW furaffinity "oomro" account in 2020, when he was 22, and as his husband Evar was 24. On the Blockland Forums, People on the forums said Port was turning 16 in 2014. Port made these poor decisions as an adult, not a minor. Not to mention, Port posted his fetish list on the Blockland Forums a long time ago, too. Tell me if you don't think it's weird that the devs are hanging out with a guy with [b]HEBEPHILIA (specific pedo term for preferring 11-14 year olds)[/b] lolicon, shotacon, and incest in his public fetish list. 

The Brickadia team's excuses are glaringly poor, and the fans just love to bootlick the devs.

Don't give these creepy predator enablers your money, even for an admittedly decent video game. Mind you, a good bit of the community from this comes from ROBLOX, a game advertised to children and teenagers. This community is absolutely unsafe for that sort of demographic with all the dirty laundry being covered up.

I have a ZIP file of evidence relating to all of this. As Steam loves to remove links here, feel free to friend request me and ask for it.